hi so you know that pulls pretty much a
character who was created to troll
everything out there including its own
audience I mean the first one was
practically a rom-com this one's a
family film and he's pretty much getting
to that point where Deadpool wants to
have his cake eat it and then magically
have another one up here let me explain
so we all know that one of the biggest
things one of the things we've all been
hyping up the most when it deals with
superheroes recently is if they're gonna
die Logan hit you with that greatest
show man where they decided to kill a
character who's been around for like two
decades
infinity war dusts it off half its
roster and a snap yeah it's Superman
dying in one movie and then you know
cavil like put on Instagram that he was
working on his mustache right after I
said I understand why they had that
casket thumping considering that in
justice league they revived him anyways
the Deadpool sequel starts off right
away with Wade telling you that he wants
to kill himself and he does but then
like he doesn't because time travel
that's kind of been an issue with these
movies recently you know Fox already did
that with Days of Future past where they
wanted to restart things and then they
kind of they kind of messed things up
right away now they got to do that again
a lot of people think that that's what
Avengers for is going to be and the
problem with that is that it kind of
does the complete opposite of what Logan
was able to do and it's often is the
impact Deadpool sacrificed himself in
order for that kid to not become evil
but then he does get revived that's just
lazy writing big thing in the movie is
that cable uses up his last time travel
token on weight and so he's stuck there
he can't go back to his family that's
his sacrifice but then these girls who I
even know use the internet for anything
other than tumblr figure out how to
assemble a time-travel machine that's
just lazy writing bigger thing in the
movie is the impact that Vanessa's death
has on him right cuz that's the whole
reason that he's on this journey but
then he swaps that out too because in
the end he's able to save her what time
travel and he could choose to save
certain people I think there's even a
deleted scene that didn't make it in the
movie because I thought it was a little
too much where Deadpool actually goes
back in time to kill baby Hitler but
they didn't want that to be the last
thing people saw in the movie I bring
all of this up because I hope that
Deadpool doesn't fall into the same
tropes that it's trying to make fun of
getting the x-men to appear but then
like doing the same thing that those Fox
movies are doing bringing up brown
panther and black Black Widow only to
kind of do the same
story beats that you make fun of them
for doing even the Brad Pitt joke where
he's the Cameo of the Vanisher which
interestingly enough Ryan Reynolds all
he had to do was ask Brad Pitt he was in
it and ironically Brad Pitt stunt men
for these two movies ended up becoming
the director for this one and he's not
directing him he just makes me wonder if
the star power that Deadpool is always
making fun of right with Wolverine will
also be a problem as Ryan Reynolds fully
embodies this character he even kills
off his old incarnations in the post
credits scenes you know Reynold himself
even kills himself signing on to Green
Lantern before the post credits scenes
but if I were to give my explanation as
to what Deadpool's ending means for the
rest of the franchise where they're
gonna take Deadpool from here they're
gonna 22 Jump streeted each movie is
pretty much going to be a whiteboard
where none of the previous events that
we saw are really going to matter cuz
time travel and fourth wall breaking
they're not really gonna have
consequences since according to Vanessa
they still need you he will not die and
obviously neither will she since she's
come back I think every sequel is going
to be a different genre they're going to
amp the Medicus and see how far they can
get away with it and I wouldn't be
surprised as studio start meshing
together that'd be a Deadpool four or
five we're gonna end up with a Deadpool
documentary talking about its own
franchise and all the other movies from
his point of view
ain't that a thesis right there thank
you guys for checking out this video let
me know your thoughts down below in the
comment section what you think of that
ending is the madness working for you I
know some people liked it in the first
one they don't really like in the second
one they think that you know it is true
just because you say something is corny
and you make a corny joke it doesn't
stop the joke from being corny so I'm
wondering at what point the madness will
run out that this is a theory that I do
have and how they're gonna play with
genre is how it's founded a bit more in
another video but let me know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe